#ABOUT Internet-Banking System Project.
Internet-Banking Record System is a digital platform designed for recording and managing client account balances while facilitating internal fund transfers among clients within the system. This system streamlines financial transactions and enhances the overall efficiency of client interactions.
A simple project based on Internet Banking System which uses PHP Language with MySQL Database. The following PHP project contains all the top and essential features that will allow users to access internet banking services. Like creating bank accounts, managing transactions, and much more. This web application’s concept is all clear. It’s the same as real-life scenarios and well-implemented on it.
In particular, this Online Banking System Project in PHP focuses mainly on online transactions, accounts, and much more. To be more precise, the system helps to keep track of all customers’ information along with their transaction details. Also, the system displays all the available analytics. In addition, the system allows adding up bank accounts too(codeastro.com). Evidently, this project contains an admin panel with a customer panel. Highlighting the features of this banking system project in PHP, it contains every feature for the management side of things. In an overview of this web application, a customer can register themselves and log into the system. In this project, customer registration does not mean opening/creating bank accounts. As that particular portion of work is to be done manually using the system.
